LEVEL 1
======= 

Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned
yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on her space station. From here, you just might be
able to subvert her plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet.
Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy.
Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Next time Bunny HQ needs someone to infiltrate a space station to rescue prisoners,
you're going to tell them to make sure stay up for 48 hours straight scrubbing toilets
is part of the job description. Its only fair to warn people, after all.

LEVEL 2
=======

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted.
Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda,
though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

At least all this time spent running errands all over Commander Lambda's space station have given you
a really good understanding of the station's layout. You'll need that when you're finally ready
to destroy the LAMBCHOP and rescue the bunny prisoners.

Rumor has it the prison guards are inexplicably fond of bananas.
You're an apple person yourself, but you file the information away for future reference.
You never know when you might need to bribe a guard or three...

LEVEL 3
=======

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that she's made you her personal assistant.
You'll be helping her directly with her work, which means you'll have access to all of her files-
including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for.
Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

For a world-destroying despot with a penchant for making space-station-sized doomsday devices,
Commander Lambda sure has good taste in office furniture. As her personal assistant,
you have the latest in standing desk and ergonomic chair technology, and it sure makes a difference!

One of these days you're going to manage to glimpse Commander Lambda's password over her shoulder.
But she's very careful about security, and you haven't managed it yet...

Commander Lambda has six suits, three dress uniforms, four casual outfits,
and one Dress-Uniform-For-Important-Speeches-Only. You know this because
you've already had to take all of them to the dry cleaner's. Twice!

LEVEL 4
=======

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet!
But there's one small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part of her space station,
and when you blew it up, you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart.
Can you rescue the imprisoned bunnies and escape before the entire thing explodes?

'Destroy a doomsday device,' they said. 'Rescue prisoners,' they said. 'Be a hero,' they said.
They didn't mention anything about having to escape through a trash compactor that could turn on
at any time. Doesn't anyone in Bunny HQ watch movies?!
